Model API for dialogs (#2488)
ckeditor/ckeditor4: tests/plugins/tabletools/manual/editingMode.md

@bender-include: ../../dialog/manual/_helpers/tools.js
@bender-tags: dialog, 4.13.0, 2423, feature
@bender-ui: collapsed
@bender-ckeditor-plugins: wysiwygarea, table, toolbar, contextmenu, tabletools

> **NOTE:** For modern browsers you will see "real" HTML in **expected** results instead of `[element HTML]` string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** For modern browsers you will see "real" cells' HTML in **expected** results instead of `[cells HTML]` string.
```

1. Focus the first table row.
1. Open context menu over the table and select `Cell Properties` option.
2. Verify status above the editor.

## Expected

Dialog name: **cellProperties** in **editor** editor.

Dialog is in **editing** mode.

> Currently editing: `[element HTML]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently editing: `[cells HTML]`.
```
